1) What is the syntax to create a collection and to drop a collection in MongoDB?

    Syntax to create collection in MongoDB is db.createCollection(name,options)
    Syntax to drop collection in MongoDB is db.collection.drop()

2) What are Indexes in MongoDB?
   Indexes support the efficient execution of queries in MongoDB. 
   Without indexes, MongoDB must perform a collection scan, i.e. scan every document in a collection, to select those documents that match the query statement.
   If an appropriate index exists for a query, MongoDB can use the index to limit the number of documents it must inspect.

3) What is Sharding in MongoDB? Explain.
   Sharding is a method for storing data across multiple machines. 
   MongoDB uses sharding to support deployments with very large data sets and high throughput operations.

4) What is Replication in MongoDB.What are Primary and Secondary Replica sets?
    Replication is the process of synchronizing data across multiple servers. Replication provides redundancy and increases data availability. 
    With multiple copies of data on different database servers, replication protects a database from the loss of a single server. 
    Replication also allows you to recover from hardware failure and service interruptions.
    
    Primary and master nodes are the nodes that can accept writes. MongoDB's replication is 'single-master:' only one node can accept write operations at a time.
    Secondary and slave nodes are read-only nodes that replicate from the primary.

5) What is the role of a profiler in MongoDB? Where does the writes all the data?
    The database profiler collects fine grained data about MongoDB write operations, cursors, database commands on a running mongod instance. You can enable profiling on a per-database or per-instance basis.
    The database profiler writes all the data it collects to the system.profile collection, which is a capped collection.

6)  Does MongoDB support primary-key, foreign-key relationship, if not how can you achieve primary key - foreign key relationships in MongoDB? 
     No. By Default, MongoDB doesn't support primary key-foreign key relationship.
     We can achieve primary key-foreign key relationship by embedding one document inside another.
     For example: An address document can be embedded inside customer document.

7) In which language MongoDB is written?
    MongoDB is written and implemented in C++.

8)  What is CRUD in MongoDB?
    MongoDB supports following CRUD operations:
	Create- Inserting a document into a collection
	        The command db.collection.insert() will perform an insert operation into a collection of a document. 
	Read- Querying a document from a collection
	      To retrieve (Select) the inserted document, run the below command. The find() command will retrieve all the documents of the given collection.
	      db.collection_name.find({"fieldname":"value"})
	Update- In order to update specific field values of a collection in MongoDB, run the below query.
	        Let us update the attribute name of the collection student for the document with regNo 3014.

		db.student.update({
			"regNo": "3014"	
		},
		$set:
		{
			"name":"Viraj"
		})
	Delete -  Removing an entry from the collection
		  In order to delete an entry from a collection, run the command as shown below:
		  db.collection_name.remove({"fieldname":"value"})

9)  What is MongoDB Compass?
     MongoDB Compass is the Graphical User Interface (GUI) for MongoDB, 
     which helps users to analyze and manage their data without any prior knowledge of MongoDB query syntax.

10) How does MongoDB provide consistency?
     MongoDB relies on reader-writer locks which ensures that simultaneous readers have access to any supplies like a database or a collection 
     but still provides private access to single writes.
